⛹️‍♀️
Woman bouncing ball
athletic | ball | basketball | bouncing | championship | dribble | net | player | throw | woman | woman bouncing ball

⛹️‍♂️
Man bouncing ball
athletic | ball | basketball | bouncing | championship | dribble | man | man bouncing ball | net | player | throw

🇺🇳
Flag: United Nations
flag | flag: united nations

🏃‍♀️
Woman running
fast | hurry | marathon | move | quick | race | racing | run | rush | speed | woman | woman running

🏃‍♂️
Man running
fast | hurry | man | man running | marathon | move | quick | race | racing | run | rush | speed

🏄‍♀️
Woman surfing
beach | ocean | person | sport | surf | surfer | surfing | swell | waves | woman surfing

🏄‍♂️
Man surfing
beach | man | man surfing | ocean | sport | surf | surfer | surfing | swell | waves

🏊‍♀️
Woman swimming
freestyle | man | sport | swim | swimmer | swimming | triathlon | woman swimming

🏊‍♂️
Man swimming
freestyle | man | man swimming | sport | swim | swimmer | swimming | triathlon

🏋️‍♀️
Woman lifting weights
barbell | bodybuilder | deadlift | lifter | lifting | powerlifting | weight | weightlifter | weights | woman | woman lifting weights | workout

🏋️‍♂️
Man lifting weights
barbell | bodybuilder | deadlift | lifter | lifting | man | man lifting weights | powerlifting | weight | weightlifter | weights | workout

🏌️‍♀️
Woman golfing
ball | birdie | caddy | driving | golf | golfing | green | pga | putt | range | tee | woman | woman golfing

🏌️‍♂️
Man golfing
ball | birdie | caddy | driving | golf | golfing | green | man | man golfing | pga | putt | range | tee

🏳️‍🌈
Rainbow flag
bisexual | flag | gay | genderqueer | glbt | glbtq | lesbian | lgbt | lgbtq | lgbtqia | pride | queer | rainbow | rainbow flag | trans | transgender

👨‍⚕️
Man health worker
doctor | health | healthcare | man | man health worker | nurse | therapist | worker

👨‍⚖️
Man judge
judge | justice | law | man | man judge | scales

👨‍✈️
Man pilot
man | man pilot | pilot | plane

👨‍🌾
Man farmer
farmer | gardener | man | man farmer | rancher

👨‍🍳
Man cook
chef | cook | man | man cook

👨‍🎓
Man student
graduate | man | man student | student

👨‍🎤
Man singer
actor | entertainer | man | man singer | rock | rockstar | singer | star

👨‍🎨
Man artist
artist | man | man artist | palette

👨‍🏫
Man teacher
instructor | lecturer | man | man teacher | professor | teacher

👨‍🏭
Man factory worker
assembly | factory | industrial | man | man factory worker | worker

👨‍👦
Family: man, boy
boy | child | family | family: man, boy | man

👨‍👦‍👦
Family: man, boy, boy
boy | child | family | family: man, boy, boy | man

👨‍👧
Family: man, girl
child | family | family: man, girl | girl | man

👨‍👧‍👦
Family: man, girl, boy
boy | child | family | family: man, girl, boy | girl | man

👨‍👧‍👧
Family: man, girl, girl
child | family | family: man, girl, girl | girl | man

👨‍💻
Man technologist
coder | computer | developer | inventor | man | man technologist | software | technologist

👨‍💼
Man office worker
architect | business | man | man office worker | manager | office | white-collar | worker

👨‍🔧
Man mechanic
electrician | man | man mechanic | mechanic | plumber | tradesperson

👨‍🔬
Man scientist
biologist | chemist | engineer | man | man scientist | mathematician | physicist | scientist

👨‍🚀
Man astronaut
astronaut | man | man astronaut | rocket | space

👨‍🚒
Man firefighter
fire | firefighter | firetruck | man | man firefighter

👩‍⚕️
Woman health worker
doctor | health | healthcare | nurse | therapist | woman | woman health worker | worker

👩‍⚖️
Woman judge
judge | justice | law | scales | woman | woman judge

👩‍✈️
Woman pilot
pilot | plane | woman | woman pilot

👩‍🌾
Woman farmer
farmer | gardener | rancher | woman | woman farmer

👩‍🍳
Woman cook
chef | cook | woman | woman cook

👩‍🎓
Woman student
graduate | student | woman | woman student

👩‍🎤
Woman singer
actor | entertainer | rock | rockstar | singer | star | woman | woman singer

👩‍🎨
Woman artist
artist | palette | woman | woman artist

👩‍🏫
Woman teacher
instructor | lecturer | professor | teacher | woman | woman teacher

👩‍🏭
Woman factory worker
assembly | factory | industrial | woman | woman factory worker | worker

👩‍👦
Family: woman, boy
boy | child | family | family: woman, boy | woman

👩‍👦‍👦
Family: woman, boy, boy
boy | child | family | family: woman, boy, boy | woman

👩‍👧
Family: woman, girl
child | family | family: woman, girl | girl | woman

👩‍👧‍👦
Family: woman, girl, boy
boy | child | family | family: woman, girl, boy | girl | woman

👩‍👧‍👧
Family: woman, girl, girl
child | family | family: woman, girl, girl | girl | woman

👩‍💻
Woman technologist
coder | computer | developer | inventor | software | technologist | woman | woman technologist

👩‍💼
Woman office worker
architect | business | manager | office | white-collar | woman | woman office worker | worker

👩‍🔧
Woman mechanic
electrician | mechanic | plumber | tradesperson | woman | woman mechanic

👩‍🔬
Woman scientist
biologist | chemist | engineer | mathematician | physicist | scientist | woman | woman scientist

👩‍🚀
Woman astronaut
astronaut | rocket | space | woman | woman astronaut

👩‍🚒
Woman firefighter
fire | firefighter | firetruck | woman | woman firefighter

👮‍♀️
Woman police officer
apprehend | arrest | citation | cop | law | officer | over | police | pulled | undercover | woman | woman police officer

👮‍♂️
Man police officer
apprehend | arrest | citation | cop | law | man | man police officer | officer | over | police | pulled | undercover

👯‍♀️
Women with bunny ears
bestie | bff | bunny | counterpart | dancer | double | ear | identical | pair | party | partying | people | soulmate | twin | twinsies | women | women with bunny ears

👯‍♂️
Men with bunny ears
bestie | bff | bunny | counterpart | dancer | double | ear | identical | men | men with bunny ears | pair | party | partying | people | soulmate | twin | twinsies

👱‍♀️
Woman: blond hair
blond | blond-haired | blonde | hair | woman | woman: blond hair

👱‍♂️
Man: blond hair
blond | blond-haired | hair | man | man: blond hair

👳‍♀️
Woman wearing turban
turban | wearing | woman | woman wearing turban

👳‍♂️
Man wearing turban
man | man wearing turban | turban | wearing

👷‍♀️
Woman construction worker
build | construction | fix | hardhat | hat | man | rebuild | remodel | repair | woman | woman construction worker | work | worker

👷‍♂️
Man construction worker
build | construction | fix | hardhat | hat | man | man construction worker | rebuild | remodel | repair | work | worker

💁‍♀️
Woman tipping hand
fetch | flick | flip | gossip | hand | sarcasm | sarcastic | sassy | seriously | tipping | whatever | woman | woman tipping hand

💁‍♂️
Man tipping hand
fetch | flick | flip | gossip | hand | man | man tipping hand | sarcasm | sarcastic | sassy | seriously | tipping | whatever

💂‍♀️
Woman guard
buckingham | guard | helmet | london | palace | woman | woman guard

💂‍♂️
Man guard
buckingham | guard | helmet | london | man | man guard | palace

💆‍♀️
Woman getting massage
face | getting | headache | massage | relax | relaxing | salon | soothe | spa | tension | therapy | treatment | woman | woman getting massage

💆‍♂️
Man getting massage
face | getting | headache | man | man getting massage | massage | relax | relaxing | salon | soothe | spa | tension | therapy | treatment

💇‍♀️
Woman getting haircut
barber | beauty | chop | cosmetology | cut | groom | hair | haircut | parlor | person | shears | style | woman | woman getting haircut

💇‍♂️
Man getting haircut
barber | beauty | chop | cosmetology | cut | groom | hair | haircut | man | man getting haircut | parlor | person | shears | style

♂️
Male sign
male | male sign | man | sign

♀️
Female sign
female | female sign | sign | woman

🕵️‍♀️
Woman detective
detective | sleuth | spy | woman | woman detective

🕵️‍♂️
Man detective
detective | man | man detective | sleuth | spy

🙅‍♀️
Woman gesturing NO
forbidden | gesture | hand | no | not | prohibit | woman | woman gesturing no

🙅‍♂️
Man gesturing NO
forbidden | gesture | hand | man | man gesturing no | no | not | prohibit

🙆‍♀️
Woman gesturing OK
exercise | gesture | gesturing | hand | ok | omg | woman | woman gesturing ok

🙆‍♂️
Man gesturing OK
exercise | gesture | gesturing | hand | man | man gesturing ok | ok | omg

🙇‍♀️
Woman bowing
apology | ask | beg | bow | bowing | favor | forgive | gesture | meditate | meditation | pity | regret | sorry | woman | woman bowing

🙇‍♂️
Man bowing
apology | ask | beg | bow | bowing | favor | forgive | gesture | man | man bowing | meditate | meditation | pity | regret | sorry

🙋‍♀️
Woman raising hand
gesture | hand | here | know | me | pick | question | raise | raising | woman | woman raising hand

🙋‍♂️
Man raising hand
gesture | hand | here | know | man | man raising hand | me | pick | question | raise | raising

🙍‍♀️
Woman frowning
annoyed | disappointed | disgruntled | disturbed | frown | frowning | frustrated | gesture | irritated | upset | woman | woman frowning

🙍‍♂️
Man frowning
annoyed | disappointed | disgruntled | disturbed | frown | frowning | frustrated | gesture | irritated | man | man frowning | upset

🙎‍♀️
Woman pouting
disappointed | downtrodden | frown | grimace | pouting | scowl | sulk | upset | whine | woman | woman pouting

🙎‍♂️
Man pouting
disappointed | downtrodden | frown | grimace | man | man pouting | pouting | scowl | sulk | upset | whine

🚣‍♀️
Woman rowing boat
boat | canoe | cruise | fishing | lake | oar | paddle | raft | river | row | rowboat | rowing | woman | woman rowing boat

🚣‍♂️
Man rowing boat
boat | canoe | cruise | fishing | lake | man | man rowing boat | oar | paddle | raft | river | row | rowboat | rowing

🚴‍♀️
Woman biking
bicycle | bicyclist | bike | biking | cycle | cyclist | riding | sport | woman | woman biking

🚴‍♂️
Man biking
bicycle | bicyclist | bike | biking | cycle | cyclist | man | man biking | riding | sport

🚵‍♀️
Woman mountain biking
bicycle | bicyclist | bike | biking | cycle | cyclist | mountain | riding | sport | woman | woman mountain biking

🚵‍♂️
Man mountain biking
bicycle | bicyclist | bike | biking | cycle | cyclist | man | man mountain biking | mountain | riding | sport

🚶‍♀️
Woman walking
amble | gait | hike | man | pace | pedestrian | stride | stroll | walk | walking | woman | woman walking

🚶‍♂️
Man walking
amble | gait | hike | man | man walking | pace | pedestrian | stride | stroll | walk | walking

🤦‍♀️
Woman facepalming
again | bewilder | disbelief | exasperation | facepalm | no | not | oh | omg | shock | smh | woman | woman facepalming

🤦‍♂️
Man facepalming
again | bewilder | disbelief | exasperation | facepalm | man | man facepalming | no | not | oh | omg | shock | smh

🤷‍♀️
Woman shrugging
doubt | dunno | guess | idk | ignorance | indifference | knows | maybe | shrug | shrugging | whatever | who | woman | woman shrugging

🤷‍♂️
Man shrugging
doubt | dunno | guess | idk | ignorance | indifference | knows | man | man shrugging | maybe | shrug | shrugging | whatever | who

🤸‍♀️
Woman cartwheeling
active | cartwheel | cartwheeling | excited | flip | gymnastics | happy | somersault | woman | woman cartwheeling

🤸‍♂️
Man cartwheeling
active | cartwheel | cartwheeling | excited | flip | gymnastics | happy | man | man cartwheeling | somersault

🤹‍♀️
Woman juggling
act | balance | balancing | handle | juggle | juggling | manage | multitask | skill | woman | woman juggling

🤹‍♂️
Man juggling
act | balance | balancing | handle | juggle | juggling | man | man juggling | manage | multitask | skill

🤼‍♀️
Women wrestling
combat | duel | grapple | ring | tournament | women | women wrestling | wrestle | wrestling

🤼‍♂️
Men wrestling
combat | duel | grapple | men | men wrestling | ring | tournament | wrestle | wrestling

🤽‍♀️
Woman playing water polo
playing | polo | sport | swimming | water | waterpolo | woman | woman playing water polo

🤽‍♂️
Man playing water polo
man | man playing water polo | playing | polo | sport | swimming | water | waterpolo

🤾‍♀️
Woman playing handball
athletics | ball | catch | chuck | handball | hurl | lob | pitch | playing | sport | throw | toss | woman | woman playing handball

🤾‍♂️
Man playing handball
athletics | ball | catch | chuck | handball | hurl | lob | man | man playing handball | pitch | playing | sport | throw | toss

⚕️
Medical symbol
aesculapius | medical | medical symbol | medicine | staff | symbol
