// Render with Asciidoctor

= What's happening here?

== Input

The emojis are categorized in text files in `cats`.

Each text file is a category, and a single emoji can be in more than one
category.

Each line of those text files is an emoji followed by space followed by
its name, although this specific name is not used.

The `cats.yml` file maps category IDs (text file names without the
`.txt` extension) to category names. The order of the categories in
`cats.yml` is important as it is the final order of presentation of
those categories in the eventual UI.

The data from the `pass:[emojis-*.txt]` files comes from the
https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr[Unicode CLDR] project. I maintain my
own database as, for some reason, the official emoji list lacks many
https://emojipedia.org/variation-selector-16/[VS-16] characters. Also, I
added some unofficial keywords to specific emojis. The format of each
block of `pass:[emojis-*.txt]` is:

First line::
    The emoji.

Second line::
    The name of the emoji (capitalized).

Third line::
    The `|`-separated keywords of the emoji (lowercase).

`with-skin-tone-support.txt` has the same format as a category text
file. It contains the emojis which support emoji skin tone modifiers.

`twemoji-svg` contains the SVG files of the
https://github.com/twitter/twemoji[Twitter emoji] project (see its
license, `twemoji-LICENSE-GRAPHICS`). Each file name is a dash-separated
list of codepoints (hexadecimal) used to create the emoji sequence
followed by `.svg`.

== Output

The `create.py` script creates the required files for the UI in the
specified directory.

From the category files, it knows the supported emojis. It combines this
with the data from the `pass:[emojis-*.txt]` and
`with-skin-tone-support.txt` files to create `emojis.json`. This is a
map (emoji to info) for each supported emoji.

From the category files, it also creates `cats.json` which has the same
content as `cats.yml`, but each category entry also has its full list of
emojis.

`create.py` converts the Twemoji SVG files to 16×16, 24×24, 32×32,
40×40, and 48×48 PNG files.

`create.py` also creates `emojis-16.png`, `emojis-24.png`,
`emojis-32.png`, `emojis-40.png`, and `emojis-48.png` which are single
PNG files containing all the supported emojis in their final form. The
purpose of this file is to accelerate the UI, not having to open
hundreds of individual PNG files. It also creates
`emojis-png-locations-16.json`, `emojis-png-locations-24.json`,
`emojis-png-locations-32.json`, `emojis-png-locations-40.json`, and
`emojis-png-locations-48.json` which map each emoji to its location
(top-left corner), in pixels, within the corresponding `emojis-*.png`
images.
